we all come into the world with the notion about who we are welcome in
the world with the notion about what's going on around this I don't
think any of us early on has to face the really definitive issue of
critical thinking we like to believe was gonna make us happy with white
to believe that things can work out alright or optimist by nature
by Darwinian selection we've become often and we don't really ask
the hard questions why is this a good place what could go wrong what
are my chances of succeeding have in mind actually qualified enough
to do this I knew tons of guys when I was going through college who
are committed to going to medical school but to get in the universe
Colorado medical school you had the past two semesters of calculus
and some of them did not have the right wiring in their brain to do
calc they just couldn't do and so somebody they should have done some
critical thinking with those P. to say look if you can't do calculus
you want to be in the medical field maybe you should do something
different maybe should be a clinical psychologist or maybe you should
become a radiology technician or something else so you can do the
work or become a male our inner female are in you know the other things
you can do besides being an MD if you want to do this hello corpsman
in the navy or a medic in the army but but you know we all want
to fantasize about who we are and who are going to become and without
asking the hard questions what is it do I fit can I make myself
into that mold our largest you know like that appealed